as night falls in Peru low-light spy
cams pick up new dangers facing the
humble Chiefs an old enemy is back
vampire bats they normally attack the
sea lions along the shore but young
penguins provide a tasty alternative
[Music]
the adults may be aware of the dangers
of the chicks suspect nothing and few
creatures are as sneaky as a vampire
with so many chicks to choose from the
bots are ultimately guaranteed a meal
[Music]
the unlikely scene of a vampire bat
feeding on a penguin has never been
filmed before the greatest danger is
loss of blood which over time weakens
the chicks and the bats also carry
diseases such as rabies the adults must
be on constant alert to repel the bats
from the colony they are far from
defenseless kicking dirt in the bats
face is a favorite tactic
this is their ultimate deterrent but
hitting the right target can be
dangerously hit on this
[Applause]
[Music]
soon the Czechs have another reason to
leave for the sea they all need a bath
[Music]
you